[OSDOCS-11790] Changes addressing follow-up PR comments from original PR (#87064)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/preferred-installation-requirements-ibm-z.adoc

// = Minimum resource requirements for cluster installation
// Do a regular check for changes in modules/installation-minimum-resource-requirements.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="preferred-ibm-z-system-requirements_{context}"]
= Preferred {ibm-z-title} system environment

The preferred system environment for running {product-title} version {product-version} on {ibm-z-name} hardware is as follows:

[discrete]
[id="preferred-ibm-z-hardware-requirements_{context}"]
== Hardware requirements

> * Three logical partitions (LPARs) that each have the equivalent of six Integrated Facilities for Linux (IFLs), which are SMT2 enabled, for each cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Three logical partitions (LPARs). For each cluster, every LPAR must have the equivalent of 6 Integrated Facilities for Linux (IFLs) that are SMT2 enabled.
```
More clear broken up into two, I think?

Reviewer 2: it's a lot to hold in your head while you read the sentence (I have many such heavily-modified phrases in my own content areas, I get it :sweat_smile:). If there _is_ a way to preserve the meaning while splitting it into a couple separate sentences, it might help the reader.

|One machine

|===

> 1. To ensure the availability of integral components in an overcommitted environment, increase the priority of the control plane by using the CP command `SET SHARE`. Do the same for infrastructure nodes, if they exist. See link:https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/zvm/latest?topic=commands-set-share[SET SHARE] in {ibm-name} Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To ensure the availability of integral components in an overcommitted environment, increase the priority of the control plane by using the CP command `SET SHARE`. Do the same for infrastructure nodes, if they exist. See link:https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/zvm/latest?topic=commands-set-share[SET SHARE] ({ibm-name} Documentation).
```
There was a style change for external docs introducing parens for the docset name. https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentence-style-for-the-link-attribute
